I'll never forget you used to touch the rose petals with my fingers.
It was from that moment
that I knew I wanted to be with you the rest of my life.
Erica, you're like a red rose to me.
Radiant, passionate,
dispelling all the darkness within me,
and your rejection of my coldness and indifference.
It's like a thorn pierces deep in my heart.
No one does it hurt?
It doesn't matter.
The beauty of the rose petals are the pain of the thorns.
I love you, and I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
I went for the operation because I was afraid of being alone.
I couldn't protect you from my family.
I'm not afraid anymore.
The only thing that scares me is losing you.
I'm not perfect.
I'm cold-hearted and domineery.
Could you love somebody like me?